Update index.md (#22251)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/html/introduction_to_html/getting_started/index.md

{{ EmbedLiveSample('Void_elements', 700, 300, "", "") }}

> > **Note:** In HTML, there is no requirement to add a `/` at the end of a void element's tag, for example: `<img src="images/cat.jpg" alt="cat" />`. However, it is also a valid syntax, and you may do this when you want your HTML to be valid XML. But be aware that if you do so, and if you then validate your HTML at the <a href="https://validator.w3.org/">W3C Validation Service</a>, you will be informed that a "Trailing slash on void elements has no effect and interacts badly with unquoted attribute values." Below you'll learn that leaving attribute values unquoted is not the best practice any way, so if you follow best practice, this should not be an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** In HTML, there is no requirement to add a `/` at the end of a void element's tag, for example: `<img src="images/cat.jpg" alt="cat" />`. However, it is also a valid syntax, and you may do this when you want your HTML to be valid XML. Also see [self-closing tags](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Void_element#self-closing_tags).
```

Author: (If I'm understanding this edit/response process), you're suggesting a link to a glossary item rather than the text I suggested?

Being a rank newbie, it took me a day to figure out that _[self-closing tags](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Void_element#self-closing_tags_ refers to _https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Void_element#self-closing_tags_, so that I was able to read that glossary item, but on reading that glossary item, I'm not confident that I would have understood how that relates to the confusion I had about this MDN page seemingly recommending a practice that the Validator seemingly recommends against.

However, I'm likely more dense than most of your readers, so even though I think the suggested edit would still have left me confused, it is probably perfectly acceptable, and less wordy and better than the one I suggested.

Reviewer: 1. We use Markdown syntax, not HTML. `[]()` is the Markdown way to write a link.
2. At this point of the tutorial the reader should be very far from caring about HTML validators, not to mention a specific one of them. Simply pointing out a caveat through linking to an existing doc sounds good enough.
